README.md, before:

# Open-PVPS
Open Source Pandemic Virus Protection Systems

![PVPS1 3 6-CADImage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5749559/111144564-9862da00-855d-11eb-93c3-2700d11895fd.gif)

Our goal is to develop open source pandemic virus protection technology that will significantly improve the safety of healthcare workers on the front lines of COVID-19.

To achieve this we are working to significantly reduce the manufacturing and operating cost of a PAPR (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Powered_air-purifying_respirator) while maintaining HEPA filter efficiency (99.97% for 3um particles) with a design that can be easily mass produced anywhere in the world using standard commercial manufacturing machinery and automation. All work performed on this project is open source and freely available with a permissive open source license (CC BY-SA 4.0).

This repository contains a directory for "technical reports" and another directory with CAD designs. 

The technical reports directory contains documents that describe the technical work, calculations, and decisions that have been made for each major PAPR technical area. The major technical areas are:
* Overall PAPR System Specifications and Performance
* Face Shield, Visor, and Drape
* Power and Control Box
* Blower, Gauge, and Diffuser
* Filter

The CAD directory contains CAD files used to deveop the first PVPS prototypes. The file format is Autodesk Fusion 360. In the future we will also post STL files for anyone that would like to print out the 3D printed components.

Commit message:

Updated the Readme.md to add a description of the Electronics directory.

README.md, after:

# Open-PVPS
Open Source Pandemic Virus Protection Systems

![PVPS1 3 6-CADImage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5749559/111144564-9862da00-855d-11eb-93c3-2700d11895fd.gif)

Our goal is to develop open source pandemic virus protection technology that will significantly improve the safety of healthcare workers on the front lines of COVID-19.

To achieve this we are working to significantly reduce the manufacturing and operating cost of a PAPR (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Powered_air-purifying_respirator) while maintaining HEPA filter efficiency (99.97% for 3um particles) with a design that can be easily mass produced anywhere in the world using standard commercial manufacturing machinery and automation. All work performed on this project is open source and freely available with a permissive open source license (CC BY-SA 4.0).

This repository contains a directory for "technical reports", a directory for CAD designs, and a directory for the electronics components. 

The technical reports directory contains documents that describe the technical work, calculations, and decisions that have been made for each major PAPR technical area. The major technical areas are:
* Overall PAPR System Specifications and Performance
* Face Shield, Visor, and Drape
* Power and Control Box
* Blower, Gauge, and Diffuser
* Filter

The CAD directory contains CAD files used to deveop the first PVPS prototypes. The file format is Autodesk Fusion 360. In the future we will also post STL files for anyone that would like to print out the 3D printed components.

The electronics directory contains files that define the physical circuit boards for the battery box and the program for the control board microprocessor. All of the electronics were designed by Jim Hannas with inputs from the team.
